Basic requirements

IRL microbit packages (atleast 2)

Python
    -pip
        -django
        -mysql.connector
        -pyserial

Visual studio code
extentions:
    -Python
    -pip-packages
    -micro:bit

mysql


To run the system:
    1- install all the needed program and packages
    
    2- write "python manage.py migrate" in terminal in microb_project directory
    
    3- write "python manage.py makemigrations" in terminal in microb_project directory
    
    4- Make sure that the information in microbit.cnf matches your settings in mysql(Or use default)
    
    5- Make sure that the information in Project/microDB/microDBprocedures.py matches your settings in mysql(Or use default)
    
    6- Run all the code in the SQL_modify_DB.(If used default fot step 4, 5). Otherwise start underneath "use microB", execute the rest of the code
        that follows.
    
    7- In the microb_project directory, go to Project/microbit_code where you use micro:bit package to install
        the reciever microbit and all the sender microbits you want (be aware that you have to change microbitID
        manually for every sender microbit start with 1 and continue with 2, 3, 4 etc. to be sure that the system
        knows how many microbits are in the system. Also be aware that you cannot remove microbits when the system
        is running then counter of numberOfMicrobits in the system will not be correct). Also adjust the sleep function at line 10
        after your own preferences, to send data more or less often. Default is set to send every 10000 milliseconds. Make sure that you do not
        send data at the same time, you need atleast 2 second between the sending of data from the different microbits to be safe.

    8- In microDB directory open microbitDataToDB.py and make sure that "ser = serial.Serial('COM4')" is listening
        on the USB-port where the microbit reciever. Change 'COM4' to the correct USB-port in your system.
    
    9- Run microbitDataToDB.py when you have plugged in the reciever microbit and start sender microbits.

    10- In terminal write python manage.py runserver, and you have a localhost running at 8000.

    11- Go to a browser and type localhost:8000 and check your data getting uploaded. You have to refresh everytime you want new feeds.
    
